Hello everyone and welcome to the solutions lecture for the part 6 exercise review.
Let's get started by hopping over to the editor.
Right here we are.
Let's start off with Problem 1 where we were given the string Jingo and we had to do several indexing
tasks.
And if you ever want to just reference the written out solutions you can just use the part 6 exercise
review solutions that py file which has the solutions written down inside of it.
OK.
So to get the Hopefully that was an easy one for you.
We'll have to do is say as the string and then type 0 to get the first element to get the last element.
There's two ways of doing this.
The easier way is just to say negative 1.
So you get the very last element of any string or you can just count over 0 1 2 3 4 5 and use 5 for
DOJ.
And what you have to do is say start from the beginning for colon and then go up to but not including
the fourth indexed element.
Then for Jan what you have to do here is say start at 1 and then go up to but not including the fourth
index element for Geo.
What you have to do is say yes and then start for go all the way to the end of 0 then bonus using indexing
to reverse the string.
This one it says start at the beginning go all the way to the end and the step size is negative 1.
In our course we saw earlier how we could do step size of one step size into a python also supports
a step size of negative 1 meaning it will reverse the string when you print that out.
OK.
Problem number two we want to hear to re-assign Hello Goodbye.
This is just an indexing call to grab the nested list.
So the nested list inside of it is an index too.
And then halo itself is indexed to and then to reassign it to be.
By with just to say equals goodbye.
And that's the solution for problem too.
Moving along to problem three we had three problems are subproblems here.
We had to use keys and indexing to grab Hello from the following dictionaries so dictionary number one.
That one's pretty simple I just say simple key.
Whoops I can manage to grab it.
OK.
And that's all you had to do.
For a dictionary Number two it's a nested dictionary.
So we have to do is say K-1 and then on top of that once a returns that dictionary you say k to and
then dictionary three this one is definitely a lot harder than the rest of them.
Well you have to do it several layers.
First you need to grab the K-1 key.
Then you need to grab the first element in that list.
Note here that this is a racket.
So this whole thing is a list so we're grabbing the first item in that list.
And then after that we need to grab the next key dictionary and then offer that we get this list so
I want to grab the second item in that list the next one.
And then I want to grab 0 if I don't have this additional zero.
It will just return a list of one item.
If I just want the actual string that I have this extra zero here OK.
Let's move on to problem for where we want to use a set to find the unique values of the list below.
This was really easy we did pretty much this exact example during set lecture we just say set list and
that's all you had to do for that.
Then you're given two variables.
Age is equal to four.
Name is Sammy.
He wanted to use print formatting to print this thing out.
So let's show that.
I can say prints and then hello my dog's name is and then we'll have brackets here.
Let's make this a.
And they'll say and he is bracket's years old.
And then we want to say outside of this format and that for that format call is going to have a equal
to the variable age and then be equal to the variable name.
And I need to put in be here now you could have also done this if the variable calls.
So you could have not had a not had B and then just not assigned a not assigned be here but I always
recommend you do an assignment that way if you ever want to change order you can do that easily but
that's all you have to do for this particular question.
And then just make sure your princes are balanced here.
All right.
If you have any questions on the solutions feel free to post the Q&A.
Hopefully this was a pretty straightforward assignment for you.
Thanks and I'll see you at the next lecture.